So that is your exercise,
debug this error.
Why are we getting form.submit
is not a function?
And how can we go about fixing this
error without changing analytics.js?
Because we'll all be in situations
where there'll be things happening
because of third parties that you can't
ask Stripe to change their code, or
Twitter to change their code, or whatever.
Any questions before we get started, yeah?
>> There's a question from Alex and
Karina online about, first of all,
does HTTP/2 eliminates some
of these threading issues?
>> Maybe, all right, so the question is,
does HTTP/2 eliminate some
of these performance issues?
Yes, HTTP/2 handles the the streaming of
network of subresources
differently than HTTP.
If possible, it's going to set up
a more stateful connection and
start streaming multiple assets down.
The optimization steps that
you will take to optimize for
HTTP/2 versus HTTP are slightly different.
However, not all of the web
has converted to HTTP/2 and
probably won't for a while yet.
And so
you're gonna have clients on both sides.
So which one do you want to optimize for?
What I had optimized for
was nothing at all.
So it was not going to be good for either.
Because even if it was HTTP/2, I still
would have gained a bunch of advantages on
compressing the assets and
setting the proper caching headers.
But I might not get as much from
combining them all together.
Look at your asset payload and
target what your browser clients are going
to be communicating with, and
tailor your app to be best suited to them.
That's a really good question.
Anything else?
All right, so
this next exercise is Exercise 7.
So this is a third party error.
So go to the signup page, try and submit
the form and troubleshoot the error.
But you cannot change analytics.js or any
JavaScript file in the vendor directory.